# Webhook Bridges for Mattermost

This repository is contains a Python Flask application that accepts webhooks from [Any Source] and forwards them to the specified
channel in a [Mattermost](https://mattermost.com) server via an incoming webhook, pretty heavily modified version of:
https://github.com/cvitter/mattermost-bitbucket-bridge.git

The bridge application supports job notifications and generic body notifications:
 
 # Supported Ansible Tower Events
 
 The following events are supported and **tested** in the current version of this application:
 
* Job success
* Job failure
* Test notification
 
 # Supported Bitbucket Events
 
 The following events are supported and **tested** in the current version of this application:
 
* Pull request comment added
* Pull request comment deleted
* Pull request comment edited
* Pull request declined
* Pull request deleted
* Pull request merged
* Pull request modified
* Pull request opened
* Repository commit comment added
* Repository commit comment deleted
* Repository commit comment edited
* Repository forked
* Repository refs updated

## Setup the Flask Application

The following steps

1. Log into the machine that will host the Python Flask application;
2. Clone this repository to your machine: `git clone https://github.com/pnorms/mattermost-bridge.git`;
3. Edit `config.json` to update the following fields as needed:
   * Application host address and port (generally debug should be left set to `false`;
   * Mattermost server_url and the user name or icon to override the webhook with if desired;
   * And the base url of your Ansible Tower server.
4. Run the Flask application:

```
sudo python base.py >> base.log 2>&1 &
```

# Configure Mattermost

To use this application you will need to create one or more `Incoming Webhooks` in Mattermost. These incoming webhooks will be the endpoints that the application will post the events received from Ansible Tower. Webhooks are created by navigating to `Integrations` in the `Main Menu`, clicking on ` Incoming Webhooks`, and clicking on `Add Incoming Webhook`. After creating the incoming webhook you will need to copy the webhook's code at the end of its URL which will be needed when configuring the webhook in Ansible Tower.

**Note**: You can have all Ansible Tower events post to a single webhook or, or setup incoming webhooks in Mattermost for each Ansible Tower repository.

# Configure Ansible Tower

Within Ansible Tower, notification webhooks are configured and managed at a global level. From settings and within notifications click Add: Make the name something reasonable to MatterMost: Ansible, Type will be webhook and enter your personal `Target URL`, using the details from MM integration. The URL will look like:

```
http://flask-application-url:port/hooks/[hookcode]
```
**Note**: The hook code is the unique hook identifier generated by Mattermost and is found at the end of your Mattermost's incoming webhook URL, ex: `https://mymattermostserver.com/hooks/5iz1k8j8rewrjyu3anbw4u66qe`.

Then select the `Repository` and `Pull request` events you want to be notified about and click on `Create` to create the webhook.

# Configure Bitbucket

Within Bitbucket webhooks are configured and managed at the individual repository level. From within a repository click on the `Repository Settings` icon (cog) in the left hand side bar and then click on Webhooks under repository settings. To create a new webhook click on the `Create webhook` button. In the `Create webhook` form fill in the new webhook's `Name` and `URL`. The URL will look like:

# Docker Installation

1. Build the docker image (replace `DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME` with your name of choice): 
  - `docker build -t DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME .`
  - `docker pull DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME`
2. And run the docker image: `docker run -d -p 8080:8080 DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME`

# HELM!
1. Run helm package mattermost-bridges-dev
2. Deploy the package to your repository
3. Launch the item from your kub connected repo

# Make this Project Better (Questions, Feedback, Pull Requests Etc.)

**Help!** If you like this project and want to make it even more awesome please contribute your ideas,
code, etc.

If you have any questions, feedback, suggestions, etc. please submit them via issues here: https://github.com/pnorms/mattermost-bridge/issues

If you find errors please feel to submit pull requests. Any help in improving this resource is appreciated!

# License
The content in this repository is Open Source material released under the MIT License. Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full license details.

# Disclaimer

The code in this repository is not sponsored or supported by Mattermost, Inc.

# Authors
* Author: [Patrick Norman](https://github.com/pnorms)

# Original Code Largely From
* Author: [Craig Vitter](https://github.com/cvitter)
* Project: [mattermost-bitbucket-bridge](https://github.com/cvitter/mattermost-bitbucket-bridge.git)

Please submit Issues and/or Pull Requests.
